# crispy_cuts
For our project, we aimed to create an affordable landscaping and yard service company mainly targeted towards local people. We wanted the page to be appealing but also simple and easy to navigate so users don’t have any trouble scheduling a service or checking out other sections on our website. Each of the four .html pages we have connected have a separate .css file to help organize our lengthy code. Php files were used as a submit button for our estimator section, and another file for sending an email to our company in the contact section. We included identical headers for each of our pages to ensure consistency and cleanliness. 
Starting with our homepage, we decided to use font groups from Google which gave us a clean look and appealing font for our website. On the top left of the page is a custom logo within a header, which users can click on to bring them back to the home page with an img and href. We have a navigation bar on each of the pages to allow users to navigate between pages easily. The four pages (in an <ul>) we have: home, estimator, prior customers, and a contact page. A learn more button is used under our header, which allows users to click on and learn more about our company. Uiverse.io by nikk7007 gave us a cool effect to add to the learn button and make it more stylish. The last parts of our home page consist of offered services to customers, some quotes from what our customers say, and a copyright section for Crispy Cuts. 
The estimator consists of two parts: An estimator  radio button form which allows users to select services they are interested in and get an instant estimate for how much it will cost, and a textarea form below this to request an estimate from our company and let us know you are ready for specific service(s). The submit.php file was utilized here to help connect to a database we created which consists of an employee’s table, jobs table, and request table. Having the database allows us to store orders and give our company the exact information we need to complete our next job. For the employee table, a primary key is used to uniquely identify, along with a username, password, name, and phone. The job table holds all the information for the customer needed to get the job done successfully, such as address, name, estimator price, final price, completed (Boolean), and more. The request table holds all of the information from the estimator page on our website, where users fill out the second form and send a request. 
Our prior customers page on the website aims to be appealing to users who may be interested in our services. We display multiple pictures (pulled from google.com) using <div> classes for each and show a quick description of each of the pictures from our previous customers. In our .css for this section, we used a hover function to slightly zoom in when the mouse hovers over our customer pictures. Our last page is the contact section, which aims to let users know who we are, and how to get in contact with us. Two profile cards are used with pictures of each of us to give readers a quick background. We used <div> classes for each profile card and circular bordering in our .css to give a profile picture look. Underneath our profile cards is a contact form where users can input their name, email, and a message. The submit button is linked to send_email.php, which prompts the user that the email was sent successfully to the company. 
